how do you even get started on something
like spinal Mobility well there are only
three things you have to worry about
there's extending twisting and of course
flexion which is whatever this is so to
get started just start in a walking back
bend wait this is a beginner video start
with a simple Cobra stretch and hold for
30 seconds then the seated twist hold
for 30 seconds but try to be tall while
you do it and then lastly a hamstring
stretch but instead of reaching for your
toes you're going to reach your nose
through your knees and hold for 30
seconds then you magically have a Supple
spine capable of just about anything
just kidding it takes work and you also
have two more sets to do of each of
those exercises still I know it's
complicated but just for you I made a
free ebook with videos and pictures so
just click the link in my bio and I'll
get it to you stay flexy